hi friends hey guys James best here
ready to give you another contest you're
gonna have to excuse me today I'm a
little sick and I can't even hear myself
talk this year doesn't work and this
year is pretty close to not working also
so let's get right to it two weeks ago
we had a contest who can do the best
parkour video here's the winner if you
want to find this age you must reach the
top
I love this video I thought it was
excellent very creative I couldn't ask
for a better entry to this contest it
was absolutely perfect if you guys want
check out his channel and subscribe but
put a link right here so just click on
and watch some of his videos comment
he's a very funny guy all right I have
two pieces of news for you guys today
one's good and one's pretty bad so I'm
going to start off with the good couple
days ago out of the new YouTube
moderator and the first thing I decided
to ask you guys is what do you think the
next contest should be there's already a
couple ideas on there but I want you
guys to submit some more and whichever
one gets like the most i'm going to use
in the next contest sorry guys want to
tone down the video a little bit right
now i want to talk to you but something
that happened just a couple days ago is
one of the worst things I've never had
this happen to me before just two days
ago my dog Buddy here's a picture of
them
he died of kidney failure and he was
only nine years old he should have been
alive for five more years it's real
tragic and its really hurt my family and
myself and it's really it's really bad
because I regret a lot of things about
it like you know he only died at nine I
thought I had five more years with my
dog and I don't and so now you know it's
just it makes me feel like I really wish
I spent that little extra time with them
I took him for that one extra walk I you
know play catch with them one more time
or even just pet him while he was lying
down beside me on the floor just just do
just that one extra thing that I just
didn't get a chance to do so this week's
contest in order my dog Buddy is going
to be make a video with your pet so
basically I just want you to make a
video involving your pet somehow it
doesn't have to be a dog could be a cat
or to be a lizard and be a snake
whatever other pet you have it just has
to be included in the video and that's
it the only can be billed whenever you
want it doesn't matter also this contest
will be ending june fifteenth so make
sure you get your entries in before then
and also the same rule applies with this
one as it did the other videos i require
you to put svh or super video hunt on
something before or after in the middle
or something in the video just to prove
to me that you made this for the contest
you know there's a lot of cat and dog
videos out there i haff do this so
that's it for me guys I look forward to
seeing your entries to this contest and
I look forward to reading all your ideas
for what you want for the next one and I
hope you have fun making videos with
your pets goodbye buddy I'll always miss
you